---
title: Fk them, Don't help
date: '2021-09-19 12:13:05'
---

> This is my personal opinion and this does not reflects on my job or my personal life. This is the way I feel when I was writing. This thoughts may change may be tmr, a month later or a year later. But don't worry I won't edit this post since its a memory of my thoughts. 

Its been a long time I haven't write any blog posts since I was too busy with relocating to another country. I was planning to write this post since a long time and it was a pending item in my *TODO* list. 

# Meaning of help 
Let's start by taking a look at the meaning of help.
> make it easier for (someone) to do something by offering one's services or resources. - Google. 

# Randoms
So helps mean giving or doing something for something to make him easier. So what about us? If we help him and make him easier for his life but we ended up lossing something or getting negative vibes? Who will help us again? Do you think the world only have people who appreciate other's help and give some help back? No! the world is full of assholes. 

I like to help people. I normally find myself helping other people whenever they need. I have been in IT industry for 6 years and I have helped a lot of people as much as I can. According to my 6 years experience, helping others not always comes with positive feedbacks. Sometimes you help someone and you ended up lossing something. But the person whom you helped is not even noticed or appreciated. Is it worth it?. This is not a eay question to answer. Help won't be helping if you are trying to get any favor back. There are couple times I helped but these assholes just don't appreciate or even try to blame if something bad happens. So whats the meaning of help? These have been confusing a lot for me about whether I should help or not. Sometimes you just help just because you want someone to be successful and be ok with their life but you ended up having negative vibes in your life. I think its not worth it. So Fk them, don't help. I believe many people have such life experiences but don't want to speak out for that since they don't want to be evil guys. What if we are evil guys. What if we are disgusting. Fk them, They have no rights to judge someone's life. 

# Reminder  for me 
> I should only help if a person requests it and not offer helps if they are not asking for it. Just fk them sometimes, don't purposely help. Let them suffer. Its always ok to say "No"
